CONTRIBUTING.md, before:

# How to Contribute

This project is [GPL-3.0 licensed](COPYING) and accepts contributions through
GitHub pull requests.

## Certificate of Origin

By contributing to this project you agree to the Developer Certificate of
Origin (DCO). This document was created by the Linux Kernel community and is a
simple statement that you, as a contributor, have the legal right to make the
contribution. See the [DCO](DCO) file for details.

## Principles

This repository adheres to the following principles:

- Open: Contribution is always welcome.
- Respectful: See the [Code of Conduct](CODE_OF_CONDUCT.md).
- Transparent and accessible: Work and collaboration should be done in public.
  See [Governance](#governance) section for details.
- Merit: Ideas and contributions are accepted according to their merit and
  alignment with the project objectives principles.

## How to contribute

We are very happy to receive presentations from the Ansible community that you want to share.

To add a new presentation:

1. Convert your presentation into a sharable PDF format.
2. Create a ``<year>`` directory if it does not already exist.
3. Add a subfolder for the event and date if there are multiple presentations (for example, ``community-day-2023.05``).
4. Alternately, for one presentation, add a ``general`` subdirectory if it does not already exist
5. Add your presentation with a descriptive filename so others can get a general understanding of 
what the presentation is about.

Please use a GitHub pull request to submit your contributions. If you have a
question or are unsure if a contribution is wanted, please join us at:

* [#community:ansible.com](https://matrix.to/#/#community:ansible.com) on Matrix to discuss your change 
* [Ansible community forum](https://forum.ansible.com/tags/c/project/7/community) using the #community tag. 


## Governance

The Ansible presentations repository uses the following governance model:

---
- You can use the material in any presentation for your own presentation, but do give credit
to the original author.
- Do not edit someone else's presentation, except for grammar/spelling or other inconsistencies.
- A PR SHOULD have a minimum of 2 reviews from Members before it is merged.
- Members SHOULD NOT review/merge their own PRs except in exceptional
  cases.
---
- All Contributions MUST be done using the GitHub PR process.
- Any Contributor MAY submit any patches they feel are suitable for inclusion.
- Any Contributor MAY review the patches of other Contributors. 
---

(inspired by the [C4 process](https://rfc.zeromq.org/spec/42))

Commit message:

move how to add a presentation to main readme

CONTRIBUTING.md, after:

# How to Contribute

This project is [GPL-3.0 licensed](COPYING) and accepts contributions through
GitHub pull requests.

## Certificate of Origin

By contributing to this project you agree to the Developer Certificate of
Origin (DCO). This document was created by the Linux Kernel community and is a
simple statement that you, as a contributor, have the legal right to make the
contribution. See the [DCO](DCO) file for details.

## Principles

This repository adheres to the following principles:

- Open: Contribution is always welcome.
- Respectful: See the [Code of Conduct](CODE_OF_CONDUCT.md).
- Transparent and accessible: Work and collaboration should be done in public.
  See [Governance](#governance) section for details.
- Merit: Ideas and contributions are accepted according to their merit and
  alignment with the project objectives principles.

## How to contribute

We are very happy to receive presentations from the Ansible community that you want to share.
See the [main README](README.md) for steps to add a new presentation to this repository.

Please use a GitHub pull request to submit your contributions. If you have a
question or are unsure if a contribution is wanted, please join us at:

* [#community:ansible.com](https://matrix.to/#/#community:ansible.com) on Matrix to discuss your change 
* [Ansible community forum](https://forum.ansible.com/tags/c/project/7/community) using the #community tag. 


## Governance

The Ansible presentations repository uses the following governance model:

---
- You can use the material in any presentation for your own presentation, but do give credit
to the original author.
- Do not edit someone else's presentation, except for grammar/spelling or other inconsistencies.
- A PR SHOULD have a minimum of 2 reviews from Members before it is merged.
- Members SHOULD NOT review/merge their own PRs except in exceptional
  cases.
---
- All Contributions MUST be done using the GitHub PR process.
- Any Contributor MAY submit any patches they feel are suitable for inclusion.
- Any Contributor MAY review the patches of other Contributors. 
---

(inspired by the [C4 process](https://rfc.zeromq.org/spec/42))
